Stackportfolio - old

1. Have a “premium” account for developers that is made up of milestones. E.g. 5 friends join the platform, LinkedIn post shared. First month free, extended by each milestone until totally free. Can add more projects, more inmail messages, badges, etc. Also offer this as a paid option for those who don’t want to worry about doing all that. Another thought is that each activity gives them credits that can then be used to pay for their subscription - that way they can get a huge initial amount, then have a recurring activity that gets them more.
2. Have an interview process table that contains all the elements of an interview. Job posts should be able to list these and tech users should be able to list what they’re willing to actually do. Could also add reasoning fields for each stage. Eventually, the interview process could take place on Stackportfolio?
3. Similar tech - for example, if someone knows React, mark Vue and Angular in another colour to indicate that these are similar and learnable.
4. Add Google Recaptcha to prevent bots from submitting forms on the site
5. Only allow contact for specific roles, not generally. Eg, only remote roles.
6. Generalists and specialists
7. Former tech - should list former tech on a project so that it shows the user still has experience with it - might even be nice to show what they replaced it with.
8. Tech versions - different versions of the tech used - it’s not compulsory, but could be nice to be more detailed. E.g. Django 3 vs. Django 5, or Boostrap 4 vs. Bootstrap 5.
9. Suggested complementary tech - for example, if a user adds Svelte, ask “Did you also use SvelteKit on this project?”
10. Implicit tech - when you add React, it also adds JavaScript automatically (with the option to remove).
11. Ability to tweet/repost/copy text from a project or job post that gets associated with a project or job post.
12. Todo: Add user documentation
13. AI Descriptions and/or rewrites.
14. Salaries earned in positions - tracks years of experience, location, remote/hybrid, etc. - Prompt user if details are missing - check out the repo tech. What the user wants to portray.
15. Todo: Grid/list view of projects and ability to switch between. / Maybe a new redesign of the layout.
16. Add a user blog - they should be able to add to their professional brand. Maybe an ability to import blog posts or output blogs posts from another source like Medium. Considering this through Code.
17. Ability to star a repo through Stackportfolio if logged into GitHub.
18. Could add a “project discoverability” option to help them get word out about their projects - share the project, notify partners (could be partners of Stackportfolio), paid promotion, submit to get it featured on Stackportfolio (can even reach out to people on LinkedIn about it), blog post about building it, etc.
19. [Potential partners/Ways to get signups] GitHub Student Developer pack, Code Institute students, Syntax listeners, Web dev bootcamps, Scimba, Code tutorial with “detour” to add the project to Stackportfolio, Scrimba tutorials, FreeCodeCamp.
20. Organise collaborative projects, like make a hackathon platform, which could then be “acquired” by Stackportfolio.
21. Set up a Stackportfolio social login, like LinkedIn or GitHub, so people can use Stackportfolio as a sign in option.
22. Create an API so Stackportfolio projects can be queried, etc. - can use company verification for anon forum like Blind, but without the scrutiny - create some sort of disconnect between forum and profile, so that it is truly anonymous and can’t be accessed by Stackportfolio. This is also a way to verify that someone is at a company - can also work out company email structure this way, since it will likely be common to different employees - this can then be used for prospecting Recruiters/talent departments. Idea for name is “Veil”.
23. CV Analysis that checks format is good and that everything is included (make sure Stackportfolio link is there)
24. Track open source contributions
25. Tutorials on making open source contributions
26. Days per week worked pref and salary to match, days willing to work in the week - this can match with the recruiter’s filter with something like “if you only need this person to work 3 days a week, we have the perfect match for you”.
27. Add a “Share my profile” option to recruiter when viewing a job post/recruiter profile - this is useful for those with imposter syndrome who don’t feel they have the skills but still want to show they’re interested.
28. Preferred companies - a user can select companies they prefer and roles within that company - the tech stack for the company position is then registered and the skills needed are shown to the user. That allows them to start building towards working at that company - it also makes them stand out because they will be shown to have an interest in that company. Should limit the number of companies.
29. Create a “resolution list” or something similar to keep people on track - for example, they might want to do 3 projects with a specific tech, they might want to get a new job - these can be public or private
30. Create a “Year in review” video so that it can be shared - can pull from different sources such as GitHub, but also shows their projects and any role changes. Shows favourited projects, shows most popular projects.
31. Have a way for tech users to create a “portfolio showcase video” where they can do an AI VoiceOver or a normal VoiceOver as it goes through videos or screenshots of their projects. Make sure the Stackportfol.io watermark/logo is there.
32. Tech categories - for example, “Stripe” and “PayPal” may not be searched, but “Payment Gateways” might be, so we will want those technologies to be associated with “Payment Gateways”. Similar with “Render” or “Heroku” being “Hosting”. So it’s not really a “tech”, but when someone is searching, that might be what they’re looking for. With that in mind, it might be something that is available to add to a job post, but not to a project.
33. Add notifications - notification for when a tech is approved/rejected - if rejected, a reason why it is rejected.
34. Have another view where they can showcase their YouTube channel/twitch, etc. - consider this as it might be overly complicating the user’s profile.
35. Autogenerate client convincing doc - if similar tech then they can be potential candidates.
36. Interesting spin on a project field - is there something that makes their todo list stand out?
37. Create an app called “Veil” that is the same as blind, but requires a Stackportfolio account to sign up. That allows a safeguard between the “troublesome” app and the company. Stackportfolio will not be able to see the Veil user’s details - it should be encrypted so that a high level of trust is built. Explanations of how it works should be available.
38. Marketing: Use Codu (blog company) as the Stackportfolio blog - the partnership will encourage signups
39. Marketing: Find articles like “Alternative to LinkedIn/Glassdoor” and get in touch with authors to add Stackportfol.io. Also can get in touch with tech blogs that have articles on dev job hunting, as well as any blogger/vlogger that adds a project.
40. ~On Stackportfolio Blog, have the ability to mark a user as something like “industry expert” or “authoritative figure” so that the articles can be tagged appropriately. Most users will just be writing posts that are opinion pieces, so they shouldn’t carry the same weight. Could have multiple tags such as “tutorial” or “learning journey”.~
41. Autogenerated CVs should be able to be tailored to certain roles - picked specific skills out of the post and match them to your project.
42. Create an API so that devs can retrieve their project data/Job posts can be used (this is a definite later feature).
43. Have something like linktree as a stackportfol.io business.
44. Add a “my setup” area where they can talk about which IDE/Devices they use, as well as their preferred software.
45. Hidden projects but show what tech is used - that way, suggestions to “share with recruiter” can be provided to trusted recruiters, and people can be suggested based on the tech. Could have a recruiter score for trust.
46. Pay preference for job search
47. For technical tests, give an idea of the types of algorithms that will be asked - for example, will the role require complex performance algorithms?
48. Add in a codility test OR integrate with codility (maybe a badge) to help improve rep
49. Add a CV scanner to Stackportfol.io premium? Update CV to match with the most job description. Before that, could integrate with Jobscan - see if it optimised.
50. Have a way to revise what you learned - e.g. exercise where you learned how to reverse a string - checks knowledge after a certain period elapses. This can be good for maintaining coding knowledge. Can also challenge to make a solution more performant and revise other methods of solving a problem - benefits of solutions. Apply them to projects?
51. Recruiters can split jobs tech into primary and nice to have tech. Tech can also be marked as “learnable”.
52. When searching for jobs or setting up notifications, tech users can exclude specific tech from the search/notification, even if it matches the job description. For example, a full stack dev role where the primary skill is C# shouldn’t show to someone who doesn’t have any C#.
53. Option to enable donations? Like buy me a coffee or support for a GitHub project. Maybe even “Support a Stackportfol.io project” or “Project looking for funding”.
54. Create DB of companies’ primary stacks and attach them to company profiles. Those will be verified by employees working there.
55. Use APIs to pull in job postings from job boards - see if apply button can integrate with them. See if possible to notify the poster where it was found to encourage them to add there.
56. Permissions for uploaded CV - can only be downloaded by connects or can only be downloaded by recruiters, or can only be downloaded by connected recruiters.
57. Update CV notifications - if a CV or profile is out of date, notify the user. Maybe a Github check cron job to see if any new projects have been added by that user.
58. Make adding projects easy - option to auto take screenshots of the site and write a description just by giving the deployed url and the GitLab link.
59. After tech users and recruiters, build tools for companies to be able to make compelling hiring cases.
60. Ability to hire a team - a group of tech users can offer to work as a team - combine all required tech skills and have salary consistent.
61. Potentially create the iOS/android app with SvelteKit and then use Capacitor (by ionic) to convert it to a native app - will need to look into how to use native app functionality such as biometric authentication and haptics.
62. Create a chrome extension or in-app list of favourite projects, or useful tools that can be used.
63. For private repos, have the option that when the “Github” link is clicked, a custom page with limited details is shown instead of actually navigating to Github.
64. Michael’s suggestions:
    1. Collecting data on users skills and then presenting it to recruiters
    2. Collecting data on what companies are looking for
    3. Find out what’s difficult for new developers - find out what’s difficult for recruiters
65. Create something like linktree where the user can add their personal brand - must be a Stackportfolio account.
66. For private repos that can’t be viewed to verify skills, give the user the opportunity to upload screenshots of their commit history, etc. that can be reviewed by Stackportfol.io staff to help verify their skills. This should offer a secure upload option and the screenshots/videos should not be retained after the fact - once verified, they’re deleted.
67. Todo add MFA for authenticate and GitLab as a signup option.
68. When collaborator features is created, make it so that you can send invite links too as well as email requests.
69. Bulk company candidate invite based on matching skills.
70. Can add a way for freelancers/contractors to be hired. Possibly force company reviews. Could use something like “Stripe Connect” to pay them - charge a management fee?
71. Set up PAAS so that users can host their projects. “No deployed? No problem…”
72. Task - replace render with own solution
73. Become a badge accreditor? Or just implement some badges on the platform.
74. Add a _good_ way for people to network - networking increases the chance of getting hired. Should it be dev on dev, or dev on recruiter? Like a roulette that only matches people based on skills desired and acquired? Something like Shapr.
75. Let recruiters input the skills they are looking for, then change the colour of badge/tech throughout the site to highlight them.
76. For veil/stackportfolio connection - it could be like you have a box with both codes in it, but if the box is ever opened, both would change, so no human can see or make a link between the two.
77. Users should be able to block their companies from seeing if they are open to work, and other things on their profiles - would be for non-logged in users and the company, and for users without a verified company assigned.
78. Allow devs to set what kind of companies they want to deal with based on user ratings. For example, if they want work-life balance, then a recruiter or companying recruiter for a score of less than that will not be able to get in touch.
79. MARKETING/HIRING: Turn a job post into recruitment and visibility. Ask candidates to share their Stackportfol.io links.
80. Offer “Plus” accounts for first 250 signups.
81. Add image optimisation on the client side before sending to S3 to save on EC2 and storage costs.
82. Add CSP locked down and progressively allow as time goes on
83. Add a local first experience so that it can be useful offline?
84. Collaborators on a project should be able to break off for their forked project or a standalone project
85. Collaborators should be able to suggest edit to a project
86. A company version that allows employees to showcase their internal projects
87. Make users encourage usage Stackportfolio - if they get 10 user signups, they get premium for free or something, or make Stackportfolio such a good way to evaluate prospects that it replaces (or integrates with) their ATS
88. Have a way for devs to avoid coding challenges by having the option to solve problems on the platform.
89. Create a proof of skills needed generator that creates a test for devs - for example, if performance is a big issue for them, then a leetcode-style test (or profile proof), if they need someone who can do agile, then an assessment of the project board should be sufficient. Coding challenge issues subreddit: <https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/comments/zfp5wl/should_we_start_refusing_coding_challenges/>
90. In description of a project, a recruiter or hiring manager should be able to prompt for more information on a particular topic. That will allow them to get the info they need as well as allow the dev to update their project info.
91. Docs: Set up a developer handbook - this will be useful for new devs and for those who want to contribute to the project. It will allow a consistent work environment as well as consistent formatting, etc.

| Feature                                    | Importance | Estimate | Area          | Project priority | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ------------------------------------------ | ---------- | -------- | ------------- | ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Tech user account features**             |            |          |               |                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Plus/Premium account (Epic)                | 2          | 13       | Backend       |                  | A plus account for developers that is made up of milestones. E.g. 5 friends join the platform, LinkedIn post shared they get first month free, or they can pay.                                                                                     |
| Former tech                                | 2          | 8        | Backend       |                  | Should list former tech on a project so that it shows the user still has experience with it - might even be nice to show what they replaced it with.                                                                                                |
| Tech versions                              | 1          | 8        | Backend       |                  | Different versions of the tech used - it’s not compulsory, but could be nice to be more detailed. E.g. Django 3 vs. Django 5, or Boostrap 4 vs. Bootstrap 5.                                                                                        |
| Suggested complementary tech               | 1          | 3        | Backend       |                  | For example, if a user adds Svelte, ask “Did you also use SvelteKit on this project?”                                                                                                                                                               |
| Implicit tech                              | 1          | 3        | Backend       |                  | When you add React, it also adds JavaScript automatically (with the option to remove).                                                                                                                                                              |
| Contactable preferences                    | 2          | 3        | Backend       |                  | Only allow contact for specific roles, not generally. Eg, only remote roles or only hybrid roles.                                                                                                                                                   |
| Generalists and specialists indicators     | 1          | 5        | Backend       |                  | Depending on the tech a user has experience with, and how much experience, they can be identified as a generalist or specialist.                                                                                                                    |
| Career breakdown (Epic)                    | 4          | 8        | Frontend      |                  | Salaries earned in positions, tracks years of experience, location, remote/hybrid, etc. Prompts user if details are missing.                                                                                                                        |
| Tech categories                            | 1          | 3        | Backend       |                  | For example, “Stripe” and “PayPal” may not be searched, but “Payment Gateways” might be, so we will want those technologies to be associated with “Payment Gateways”.                                                                               |
| Add user blog                              | 2          | 5        | Backend       |                  | They should be able to add to their professional brand. Maybe an ability to import blog posts or output blogs posts from another source like Codú.                                                                                                  |
| Stackportfolio login option                | 1          | 5        | Backend       |                  | Set up a Stackportfolio social login, like LinkedIn or GitHub, so people can use Stackportfolio as a sign in option.                                                                                                                                |
| CV Analysis                                | 1          | 5        | Backend       |                  | Checks format is good and that everything is included (make sure Stackportfolio link is there).                                                                                                                                                     |
| Track open source contributions            | 2          | 5        | Frontend      |                  | Track open source contributions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Tutorials on making open source contribs   | 1          | 5        | Frontend      |                  | Tutorials on making open source contributions.                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Days per week worked pref                  | 1          | 2        | Frontend      |                  | Days per week worked pref and salary to match, days willing to work in the week - this can match with the recruiter’s filter with something like “if you only need this person to work 3 days a week, we have the perfect match for you”.           |
| Preferred companies                        | 2          | 3        | Frontend      |                  | A user can select companies they prefer and roles within that company - the tech stack for the company position is then registered and the skills needed are shown to the user. That allows them to start building towards working at that company. |
| Share my profile                           | 1          | 3        | Frontend      |                  | Add a “Share my profile” option to recruiter when viewing a job post/recruiter profile - this is useful for those with imposter syndrome who don’t feel they have the skills but still want to show they’re interested.                             |
| Resolution list                            | 1          | 3        | Backend       |                  | Create a “resolution list” or something similar to keep people on track - for example, they might want to do 3 projects with a specific tech, they might want to get a new job - these can be public or private.                                    |
| Add MFA for authentication                 | 3          | 5        | Backend       |                  | Add MFA for authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| Add Gitlab as a signup option              | 1          | 5        | Backend       |                  | Add Gitlab as a signup option.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Portfolio showcase video                   | 1          | 5        | Fullstack     |                  | Have a way for tech users to create a “portfolio showcase video” where they can do an AI VoiceOver or a normal VoiceOver as it goes through videos or screenshots of their projects. Make sure the Stackportfol.io watermark/logo is there.         |
| Email verification                         | 3          | 5        | Backend       |                  | Add email verification for new accounts.                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| Professional Brand view (Epic)             | 1          | 8        | Frontend      |                  | Have another view where they can showcase their YouTube channel/twitch, etc.                                                                                                                                                                        |
| Autogenerated CVs                          | 1          | 13       | Backend       |                  | Autogenerated CVs should be able to be tailored to certain roles. Skills are picked based on the requirements and associated with a project.                                                                                                        |
| My setup section on profile                | 1          | 3        | Frontend      |                  | Add a “my setup” area where they can talk about which IDE/Devices they use, as well as their preferred software.                                                                                                                                    |
| Sponsor/Donations                          | 1          | 8        | Backend       |                  | Option to enable donations? Like buy me a coffee or support for a GitHub project. Maybe even “Support a Stackportfol.io project” or “Project looking for funding”.                                                                                  |
| **Recruiter account features**             |            |          |               |                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Interview process table                    | 1          | 3        | Backend       |                  | Have an interview process table that contains all the elements of an interview. Job posts should be able to list these and tech users should be able to match what they are willing to do.                                                          |
| Similar tech                               | 1          | 5        | Backend       |                  | If someone knows React, mark Vue and Angular in another colour to indicate that these are similar and learnable wehn a recruiter is browsing.                                                                                                       |
| Job tech primary/nice to have              | 1          | 5        | Backend       |                  | Recruiters can split jobs tech into primary and nice to have tech. Tech can also be marked as “learnable”.                                                                                                                                          |
| Client-convincing doc (Epic)               | 1          | 13       | Backend       |                  | Autogenerate client convincing doc - if similar tech then they can be potential candidates.                                                                                                                                                         |
| **Project/Job post features**              |            |          |               |                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Ability to tweet/repost/copy text          | 1          | 3        | Frontend      |                  | Ability to tweet/repost/copy text from a project or job post, which also gets associated with a project or job post.                                                                                                                                |
| AI Descriptions and/or rewrites            | 1          | 13       | Backend       |                  | Allow users to write or rewrite their content using AI.                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| Import projects from GitHub (Epic)         | 5          | 8        | Backend       |                  | Allow users to import their projects from GitHub via repos.                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| Grid/List view for projects                | 2          | 3        | Frontend      |                  | Grid/list view of projects and ability to switch between.                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Star a repo through Stackportfolio         | 1          | 5        | Frontend      |                  | Ability to star a repo through Stackportfolio if logged into GitHub.                                                                                                                                                                                |
| Add project contributors (Epic)            | 5          | 5        | Frontend      |                  | Add project contributors.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| "Standout" field for projects              | 1          | 2        | Frontend      |                  | Interesting spin on a project field - is there something that makes their "todo list" (for example) stand out?                                                                                                                                      |
| Hidden projects but show tech              | 3          | 5        | Backend       |                  | Hidden projects but show what tech is used - that way, suggestions to “share with recruiter” can be provided to trusted recruiters, and people can be suggested based on the tech. Could have a recruiter score for trust.                          |
| Technical test types                       | 1          | 5        | Backend       |                  | For technical tests, give an idea of the types of algorithms that will be asked - for example, will the role require complex performance algorithms?                                                                                                |
| **Companies management**                   |            |          |               |                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Company tech stacks                        | 1          | 5        | Backend       |                  | Create DB of companies’ primary stacks and attach them to company profiles. Those will be verified by employees working there.                                                                                                                      |
| Company candidate invite                   | 1          | 5        | Backend       |                  | Bulk company candidate invite based on matching skills.                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| Company internal projects                  | 1          | 5        | Backend       |                  | A company version that allows employees to showcase their internal projects.                                                                                                                                                                        |
| **Search and filtering**                   |            |          |               |                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Exclude tech from search/notification      | 1          | 5        | Frontend      |                  | When searching for jobs or setting up notifications, tech users can exclude specific tech (for example, primary requirement for role) from the search/notification.                                                                                 |
| Pay preference for job search              | 1          | 3        | Frontend      |                  | Pay preference for job search.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| **Platform communications**                |            |          |               |                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Notifications (Epic)                       | 3          | 5        | Fullstack     |                  | Add notifications - e.g. notification for when a tech is approved/rejected - if rejected, a reason why it is rejected, or someone viewed profile.                                                                                                   |
| Email communications (Epic)                | 3          | 5        | Fullstack     |                  | Add email communications and notifications                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| **General features**                       |            |          |               |                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Google Recaptcha                           | 3          | 5        | Backend       |                  | Add Google Recaptcha to prevent bots from submitting forms on the site                                                                                                                                                                              |
| Use Svelte/React for the frontend (Epic)   | 3          | 13       | Frontend      |                  | Use Svelte/React for the frontend while still using Tailwind for CSS.                                                                                                                                                                               |
| **Internal tech and security**             |            |          |               |                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Add CSP                                    | 3          | 5        | IT            |                  | Add CSP locked down and progressively allow as time goes on.                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| Migrate to S3                              | 3          | 5        | IT            |                  | Add image optimisation on the client side before sending to S3 to save on EC2 and storage costs.                                                                                                                                                    |
| Migrate to new Django version              | 3          | 5        | IT            |                  | Task - replace render with own solution.                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| **Marketing and visibility**               |            |          |               |                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Project Discoverability                    | 3          | 5        | Marketing     |                  | Add a “project discoverability” option to help them get word out about their projects - share the project, notify partners, paid promotion, submit to get it featured on Stackportfolio, blog post about building it, etc.                          |
| Potential partners (Epic)                  | 3          | 5        | Marketing     |                  | GitHub Student Developer pack, Code Institute students, Syntax listeners, Web dev bootcamps, Scrimba, Code tutorial with “detour” to add the project to Stackportfolio, Scrimba tutorials, FreeCodeCamp.                                            |
| Year in review video                       | 3          | 5        | Marketing     |                  | Create a “Year in review” video so that it can be shared - can pull from different sources such as GitHub, but also shows their projects and any role changes. Shows favourited projects, shows most popular projects.                              |
| Article/Post author reachout               | 3          | 5        | Marketing     |                  | Find articles like “Alternative to LinkedIn/Glassdoor” and get in touch with authors to add Stackportfol.io. Also can get in touch with tech blogs that have articles on dev job hunting, as well as any blogger/vlogger that adds a project.       |
| **Documentation**                          |            |          |               |                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| User documentation                         | 3          | 3        | Documentation |                  | Research a way to host docs and add documentation for users on using the platform.                                                                                                                                                                  |
| **Expansion**                              |            |          |               |                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Veil (Project)                             | 1          | 21       | Fullstack     |                  | Create an app called “Veil” that is the same as blind, but requires a Stackportfolio account to sign up. That allows a safeguard between the “troublesome” app and the company. Stackportfolio will not be able to see the Veil user’s details.     |
| Stackporfolio app (Project)                | 1          | 21       | Fullstack     |                  | Create the iOS/android app with SvelteKit and then use Capacitor (by ionic) to convert it to a native app - will need to look into how to use native app functionality such as biometric authentication and haptics.                                |
| Collaborative projects (Epic)              | 2          | 13       | Fullstack     |                  | Organise collaborative projects, like make a hackathon platform.                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Stackportfolio API (Epic)                  | 1          | 13       | Fullstack     |                  | Create an API so Stackportfolio projects can be queried, etc.                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| Linktree alternative (Epic)                | 2          | 13       | Fullstack     |                  | Have something like linktree as a stackportfol.io business.                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| Codility integration/alternative (Project) | 1          | 13       | Fullstack     |                  | Add in a codility test or integrate with codility (maybe a badge) to help improve rep.                                                                                                                                                              |
| Revise what you learned (Epic)             | 1          | 13       | Fullstack     |                  | Revise what you learned - e.g. exercise where you learned how to reverse a string - checks after period elapses. Can also challenge to make a solution more performant and revise other methods of solving a problem - benefits of solutions.       |
